# AI-Beginner
I have begun hands-on projects in the field of AI from 28th February, 2025, and would like to document my projects, however basic and trivial. I am sure all of these projects will do me good one day.

**1. YouTube Video Summarizer**
I am an intern currently and my role is in AI/ML with GenAI being my major domain of expertise. However, I am no expert, YET. But I am interested in the domain and with the support of my mentors and a friend of mine, I have been put on a learning track and given the opportunity to work on some good hands-on projects. While doing my studies with learning track as a reference, I came across a video of Ian Goodfellow talking in a Lex Fridman Podcast. I barely understood anything at all. I spoke with my mentors who asked me to go through it again and come with specific points to discuss which would allow them to give me an in-depth knowledge on those particular topics. In the meantime, I was looking at some hands-on projects to get better (because I'm great at theory but when I have to implement, like most people as beginners, fail to do so). I then thought, "Wait! Let me try to work on the problem I am facing instead of going around looking for problems." That's when I came across https://medium.com/@david_yoo/building-a-simple-youtube-ai-video-summarizer-07d372bfcb6a where the step-by-step guidance of the project are very nicely explained. Ofcourse with the help of ChatGPT, I was able to understand exactly what each line does, why the modules that are being used, used. Anyway, I am quite proud of it, because it's my first hands-on in the domain. Looking forward to more! 
